(The day of Chuu's second photo shooting!)
(LOOΠΔ Long Jacket Squad is here!)
JinSoul: Please introduce yourself!
Chuu: Wow, hi!
Chuu: This is Chuu who loves eating food
Chuu: but practice controlling the passion for food nowadays.
Chuu: Thanks in advance!
JinSoul: What's your charm?
Chuu: I look smart when I'm concentrating on something.
Yves: Who said that?
Chuu: Mommy.
'(To Choerry and Chuu) Please reenact the first meeting of you two.'
Choerry: It was like...
Choeery & Chuu: Hello~!
JinSoul: I think we can't interrupt them...
Chuu: You're so cute~
'Are you guys really close?'
(Strong denial?)
Chuu: Nope! We're close!
Choeery: No~
Chuu: We're close!
JinSoul: But.. you know, real friends can't do like that, right?
Chuu: No, we're really close!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
ViVi: They look like twins.
Chuu: Open your mouth!
Choeery: Ah~
Choeery: Here, gift for you!
Chuu: Daddy!
Choerry: Daddy?
(New promising duet! Positive girls line!)
Choerry: Cut!